Features:
  Static apps:
    ☐ static websites working
    ☐ client side rendered app working.
    ☐ cache handling working.
  Dynamic apps:
    ☐ dynamic app working.
    ☐ add env and secrets to the process.env, the app can access these variables.
    ☐ app can connect to the shared redis instance.
    ☐ we are able to make http calls to the outside world.
    ☐ cache headers handling.
  passup:
    ☐ helmet headers.
    ☐ apply cors.
    ☐ hono middleware for auth.
    ☐ 2fa implementation.
    ☐ paseto secret move out to a file. how to generate.
    ☐ take additional tags from the user for an artifact that can be displayed with the version (can be used for parity with user's git tags.)
  openresty:
    ☐ Auth from lua side with paseto.
    ☐ use a different port for lua side http api only accessible over the network.
  frontend:
    ☐ Create a static app.
    ☐ create a dynamic app.
    ☐ show the apps by fetching from server.
    ☐ embed victorialogs.
  Bullmq setup:
    ☐ correct redis prefix
    ☐ creating a task and task invocation
    ☐ cron job run with bull

  passup cli: 
    ☐ improve the cli
    ☐ use the secret key to check integrity of upload.
    ☐ show warning if start_command is not set.
  Alarms:
    ☐ Can we set and send notifications to the user. like on deployment successful etc.

  Backup and Restore:
    ☐ how to implement this?
CI/CD:
  ☐ init db to bake in image.
  ☐ init server : create paseto keys
  ☐ init server : create secret key for encrypting secret keys
  ☐ get hetzner account
  ☐ get a domain name for passup
  ☐ build frontend ane serve from node js.
  ☐ docker hub create passup image
  ☐ Release artifact 
  ☐ Separate docker for dev and prod.
Testing:
  ☐ e2e test cases before releasing artifacts.

Integrity and Constraints:
  ☐ branded ids
  ☐ grace period to stop the already running container.
  ☐ Pre deployment check (start_command exist, warning only in cli).
  ☐ should we also use csrf token.
  ☐ only one deployment at a time for a given app. (concurrency with bullmq)
  ☐ what unique constraints we need in our db. (app_name, app_id+env_key, app_id + secret_key, )
  ☐ how can we add more typesafety.
  ☐ most apis should not work for passup app. like adding env variable.

Security Improvements:
  ☐ Should we use podman instead of docker, as daemon is not required.
  ☐ passup and vector both running as root for now.
  ☐ should we use mtls for container network communication for added security.
  ☐ should we inject the secrets in file instead of env varibles.
  ☐ implement rate limiting, and can we provide some interface to users to configure rate limiting as well.
  ☐ Currently dynamic app have access to entire dynamic_artifacts volume. can we do better. Subpath is not working.

Failure Recovery:
  ☐ What if the docker container fails to start, we have `restart: unless-stopped` as of now.

Cleanup:
  ☐ max 10 artifact per app.
  App Delete Cleanup:
    ☐ delete the docker volumes
    ☐ delete the entries in the db (cascade delete). or we want to keep some history


Done:
  ✔ setup docs website with docusaurus
  ✘ setup cli repo.
  ✔ logger for each request
  ✔ use dynamic_artifacts to upload the dynamic app artifact
  ✘ find empty port and bind with app port
  ✔ create app:ro and data volume.
  ✔ give app name + random suffix as container name, update the upstream value.
  ✘ free the port when the deployment is done.




