Features:
  Static apps:
    ☐ static websites working
    ☐ client side rendered app working.
    ☐ cache handling working.
  Dynamic apps:
    ☐ dynamic app working.
    ☐ add env and secrets to the process.env, the app can access these variables.
    ☐ app can connect to the shared redis instance.
    ☐ we are able to make http calls to the outside world.
    ☐ cache headers handling.
  zipup:
    ☐ 2fa implementation.
    ☐ take additional tags from the user for an artifact that can be displayed with the version (can be used for parity with user's git tags.)
  openresty:
    ☐ Auth from lua side with paseto.
  frontend:
    ☐ Create a static app.
    ☐ create a dynamic app.
  Auth Proxy:
    ☐ Maintain session in openresty for user apps.
    ☐ User Apis
    ☐ Apis for User Groups

  Alarms:
    ☐ Can we set and send notifications to the user. like on deployment successful etc.

  Backup and Restore:
    ☐ how to implement this?
CI/CD:
  ☐ init server : create secret key for encrypting secret keys
  ☐ get hetzner account
Testing:
  ☐ e2e test cases before releasing artifacts.

Integrity and Constraints:
  ☐ branded ids
  ☐ grace period to stop the already running container.
  ☐ Pre deployment check (start_command exist, warning only in cli).
  ☐ only one deployment at a time for a given app. (concurrency with bullmq)
  ☐ what unique constraints we need in our db. (app_name, app_id+env_key, app_id + secret_key, )
  ☐ how can we add more typesafety.

Security Improvements:
  ☐ Should we use podman instead of docker, as daemon is not required.
  ☐ zipup and vector both running as root for now.
  ☐ should we use mtls for container network communication for added security.
  ☐ should we inject the secrets in file instead of env varibles.
  ☐ implement rate limiting, and can we provide some interface to users to configure rate limiting as well.
  ☐ Currently dynamic app have access to entire dynamic_artifacts volume. can we do better. Subpath is not working.

Failure Recovery:
  ☐ What if the docker container fails to start, we have `restart: unless-stopped` as of now.

Cleanup:
  ☐ max 10 artifact per app.
  App Delete Cleanup:
    ☐ delete the docker volumes
    
Today:
  ☐ Move app options under action.
  ☐ Add Restart option for app.
  ☐ logs cleanup.
  ☐ Remove withError wrapper as we are using onError handler in hono.
  ☐ Add more logs.
  ☐ should check if user is logged in when the focus comes back to the tab.(https://mantine.dev/hooks/use-document-visibility/)
  ☐ mantine forms should use common zod for validation.
  ☐ use #F0E9E9 and #4B8DF7 as colors in dark theme.
  ☐ Reserved env ZIPUP_PORT
  ☐ postgres accesss.
  ☐ redis access
  ☐ if app is stopped then routing should update.
  ☐ cleanup ssl certs when app is deleted.
  ☐ Non existing domain gives internal server error, should give a better message. `server: _, request: "GET / HTTP/1.1", host: "fr.localhost:8080" zipup         | Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open '/app/backend/frontend/dist/index.html'`
  ☐ Dashboard stats anything better can be shown?
  ☐ @perf currently the routes is json decoded on each requset, we need to optmize it.

Roadmap:
  ☐ Layers @next
  ☐ 2FA @next
  ☐ Versioned Deployments @later
  ☐ Forward Auth Proxy @next
  ☐ SCRAM auth @later
  ☐ Notifications @maybe

Error Handling:
    ☐ add checks that start command is present before deploying an app.

Done:
  ✔ new version correctly working
  ✔ Take acme email as input and set it in openresty container.
  ✔ Check if ports are open before deploying an app.
  ✔ Update logo with underline.
  ✘ DNS caching can not be used, can we do this by ourselves.
  ✔ pre warm ssl when domain is updated.
  ✘ seamless sync your local changes to hetzner server and testing there.
  ✔ cli working with env and command line args.
  ✔ document cli readme
  ✔ Remove setting up email for lets encrypt.
  ✔ how to go about creating the whitelist of domain and setting email for lua acme.
  ✔ @bug @low changing app name doesn't reflect in sidebar until refresh.
  ✔ Better messages in UI like fields explanations, dashboard etc.
  ✔ @bug Loader not working in multipass.
  ✔ @bug openresty image not rebuilding on change.
  ✔ @high Create account on hetzner.
  ✔ lua api that we can hit whenever domain/ lets encrypt global domain is updated.
  ✔ @high An api to get whitelist of domains.
  ✔ check nginx logs working correctly.
  ✔ add option labels to the docker container while creating with dockerode
  ✔ User created apps logs should be visible in victorologs.
  ✔ add stale time for react query.
  ✔ longest prefix matchin working for routing.
  ✔ @bug refresh token is not working.
  ✔ Path mapping works fine with domain.
  ✔ centralize error handling.
  ✔ sqlite unique constraint error handling.
  ✔ add unique constraint on env key and secret key in the db and wiregurad name.
  ✔ if the stats polling fails then stop polling
  ✔ helmet headers.
  ✔ apply cors.
  ✔ use a different port for lua side http api only accessible over the network.
  ✘ @bug copy app key and secret key is no longer working. (navigator.clipboard works on https only)
  ✔ install script working in new zipup container
  ✔ @bug Routing not working in multipaas.
  ✘ paseto secret keep in db only encrypted. 
  ✔ init db to bake in image.
  ✔ init server : create paseto keys
  ✔ get a domain name for zipup
  ✔ build frontend and serve from node js.
  ✔ ghcr create zipup image
  ✔ Release artifact 
  ✔ Separate docker for dev and prod.
  ✔ determine scheme (http vs https) at lua and forward to zipup
  ✔ Use a different port for lua apis. so that only control plane can hit it.
  ✔ reload route config on domain update (both app and global).
  ✔ Use header Zipup-Internal-Source = openresty for auth when calling internal auth apis.
  ✔ store secret key in secrets volume.
  ✔ use secret key to encrypt before storing in db.
  ✔ use secret key to decrypt before using them (sending them and setting them as env).
  ✔ @bug logs not appearing in victorologs.
  ✔ Logger accessed outside request context error in zipup.
  ✔ json logs working correctly.
  ✔ simple console logs working correctly.
  ✔ vector container name incorrect.
  ✔ docker install working from scratch in a new ubuntu machine.
  ✔ if no route match then default to admin console.
  ✔ @bug getting secure cookies in multipass
  ✔ pin versions of images in docker compose.
  ✔ wireguard not working in multipass.
  ✔ Ensure the events dont crash the app.
  ✔ Internal openresty apis should be on different port for calling from node js.
  ✔ Delete Zipup-Internal-Source header from each request, only internal calls can be made with this header.
  ✔ improve the cli
  ✔ show error if start_command is not set.
  ✔ host, app key, secret not presnt. 
  ✔ host app key , secret wrong values.
  ✔ ignore files glob.
  ✔ artifact clean should always happen.
  ✔ delete the entries in the db (cascade delete). or we want to keep some history
  ✔ @bug cfonts not getting bundled.
  ✔ json server eg deploy.
  ✔ cli should ignore the ignore files.
  ✔ deployment failed status update.
  ✔ cli should show container logs for failed deployment.
  ✔ invalid signature failure
  ✔ paseto secret storage.
  ✔ @bug password loading in secret variable input.
  ✔ publish the cli package to npm.
  ✔ working with rotated keys.
  ✔ create a working release.
  ✔ use the secret key to check integrity of upload.
  ✔ @low Rotate API/ secret key
  ✔ @low Remove setting redis prefix , let user do it themselves.
  ✔ add description field in envs.
  ✔ Create ghcr image for zipup admin console.
  ✔ add description field in secret envs.
  ✔ Add paseto keys and secrets in /secrets volume at startup.
  ✔ cli fixup.
  ✔ deploy documents website.
  ✔ Frontend - fix static app settings, they will be different from dynamic app settings. like no env variables, no secrets
  ✔ Fix Dynamic app settings, remove redis prefix, deployments apis, env and secrets check.
  ✔ @bug deployment is failing
  ✔ @bug deployed app is not running on the domain.
  ✔ Env and secret variable present in the app deployed.
  ✔ @high start/stop and delete app.
  ✔ wireguard vpn connection working.
  ✔ integrate change password in the UI.
  ✔ show current submenu in the sidebar.
  ✔ close other menus when one menu is opened in the sidebar.
  ✔ Remove logs tab and version from UI.
  ✔ @high Deployment signature check.
  ✘ create redis prefix
  ✘ creating a task and task invocation
  ✘ cron job run with bull
  ✔ hono middleware for auth.
  ✔ show the apps by fetching from server.
  ✔ Env Variable integration
  ✔ Dashboard stats integration
  ✔ embed victorialogs.
  ✔ use csrf token.
  ✔ Don't expose zipup as app like other apps.
  ✔ Remove zipup entry in app table.
  ✔ change app name in db.
  ✔ Remove path prefix from app table.
  ✔ set redis prefix
  ✔ set start command
  ✔ Get API and secret key
  ✔ setup docs website with docusaurus
  ✘ setup cli repo.
  ✔ logger for each request
  ✔ use dynamic_artifacts to upload the dynamic app artifact
  ✘ find empty port and bind with app port
  ✔ create app:ro and data volume.
  ✔ give app name + random suffix as container name, update the upstream value.
  ✘ free the port when the deployment is done.

